# Import new or updated records to a Linkspace table

**You can upload new or updated records to Linkspace as a CSV file. 
The first row of your CSV file must contain the identical field names to those in your table. 
If all the records you are adding are new, you do not need an ID field though, as this will be automatically generated by Linkspace. 
If you are updating records then you will need to include the ID field, unless you have another field where 
the values are required to be unique.  

IMPORTANT: All dates in your CSV file should be in the format YYYY-MM-DD. 
**

## Testing your CSV file

It's best to test the file you wish to import by first doing a dry run. If there are any general errors, or errors for individual records,
you can then see what these are and correct them before uploading the records. To test your CSV file:

1. Check that you have the correct table selected from the **Table dropdown list**** at the top of your screen.
1. Select the **Records** tab in the main menu.
1. Select **Import records** from the dropdown menu. 
1. Click on the **Import data...** button.
1. Click on the **Choose File** button to upload your CSV file.
1. Under **Options** you will see that  the **Dry run** box is ticked by default.
1. Select the other options you wish to apply to your import. 
1. If you are importing updates of existing records, 
then use the dropdown to select the unique value by which you want to identify them. (This will most often be the ID field.)
1. Click **Submit**.
1. You will be returned to the **Import status**screen where you will see the status of your import. 
1. To check the data that has been imported and what, if any, errors there are, click on **View all rows**.  
Use the **Back button** on your browser to retrun to the previous screen.

Once you are satified that your import file is correctly formatted, import the records to the table. 

1. Click on the **Import data...** button.
1. Under **Options**, untick the **Dry run** box.
1. Select the other options you wish to apply to your import. 
1. Click **Submit**.